welcome to the video review from touch
de nada work today reviewing papi jump
cave which is available for 99 cents and
is developed by Sun flat this is another
game featuring the famous protagonist
papi which has been featured in many
games most of the week puppy jump this
game takes on a new gameplay twist it's
no longer just puppy jumping on
platforms but it's actually more of a
little platformer in itself there are
four menu options here start game how to
play more games and settings sadly the
how to play opens up in the Safari
browser so we'll have to have an
internet connection and it's not within
the game itself there's also more game
section which will also open up in a
browser settings and start getting so
we'll go to settings first you can
adjust the sound volume your controller
type there are 4 14 control schemes the
default is left right jump that's the
orientation of the buttons left and
right here jump is here this jump left
right left jump right and tilt sensor
with the tilt sensor you actually tilt
the device left the right to move the
guy and you touch to jump onto the jump
I like to left jump right this is
difficult to control but I prefer it so
go back so you can calibrate the tilt
sensor if you're using tilt controls and
you can also click about this app shows
your bridge number ok so now we're going
to start a game since how to play more
games opens up in the Safari browser
started getting here this is just one
game mode on this game reminds me a lot
of Mario there haven't been many clones
of that on the iphone yet but this game
is a lot like that as you can see
children on the bottom pane there's the
main screen up there there's papi the
little smiley face circle guy as you can
see it's a lot like mario you just jump
up and down jump over obstacles and the
gold select hamburgers this little info
bar here shows you how many hamburgers
there are on the level how many you've
collected
as well as your lives and a little pause
but to Texas the menu in this menu can
resume the game you can just your sound
volume you can give up or you can return
to the title menu so continue on here in
the later levels there are enemies which
you try to kill and turn down the volume
a bit and in this first level though as
you see just click hamburgers you should
have jumped over the hamburger to click
life first but it's okay so once you're
clear level you continue on there's a
little description which tells you some
of the new features in that level in
this case these trampolines here you can
pass through them but when you jump on
that will propel you jump another
Champion as you can see this nice little
sound effects for each of the things I'm
sadly up there are no arm there's a
music which would be nice little catchy
tree but that's okay then we got we
gotta power up let me have a life an
extra life it would be nice to see a
feature where you could actually choose
to play certain levels instead of
progressing from level one which is
default you have to go through every
single level and it would be nice to see
some alternate game modes maybe one
where you try to kill as many green men
as possible which are the enemies in
this game the green men are little green
blocks when faces with chopped will kill
you if you touch them shake a jump on
them to kill them so that we just got to
power up a jumping power increase so now
we can jump higher as demonstrated there
that'll let us get the last hamburger
and there you go as you can see the
gameplay is a lot of fun controls are
nice in the nice and easy to use there
are pretty sensitive you'll have a good
feel for them there's a green man i was
talking about before there we go we
jumped on it and he's dead you don't get
points for killing them and they don't
do anything for you but they will clear
up that area if you need to move on as
you can see if you touch them you'll die
there we go death is called a Miss we'll
set this level again there's a little
information area which told you to jump
on the Green Man
my sure if you can reach that hmm this
is trampled in France there you go I'm
not sure I get the last hamburger we'll
try one more time but anyways it's you
see this game is a lot of fun
ninety-nine cents it is definitely a
great Buy it's not it's very different
from the game playing the original Papa
jump games although there were many
variations which is Papa John pull stuff
but still this is a lot of fun if you
clean compared to Mario it's a lot like
Mario a little less feature than that
and the background is kind of weird it
makes me kind of sick looking at it
seems to scroll with you slightly it's
kind of irritating to my eyes but it's
just personal preference well anyways
thanks for watching this review
ninety-nine cents papi jump cabe
platformer game check it out it's my son
flat thanks for watching